#LyX 1.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 221
\textclass article
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

Assumptions made about Input Mesh Files
\layout Date

14 September 2006
\layout Enumerate

The sequence of vertex indices in each Face specifies counter-clockwise
 traversal of face.
\layout Enumerate

Computing the normal of the face with vertices 1 2 3 as 12 x 23 points outward
 (i.e.
 outside of the mesh.
\layout Enumerate

All face normals point outward.
\layout Enumerate

The mesh is fully closed.
\layout Enumerate

No duplicate vertices, i.e.
 two or more vertices with different indices and identical x,y,z values.
\layout Enumerate

No other files in directory with '.mesh' anywhere in the filename.
\backslash 

\layout Enumerate

Vertex and Face indices are numbered sequentially, i.e.
 the largest Vertex and Face index is equal to the number of vertices and
 faces in mesh.
\layout Section

Tests
\layout Itemize

#2: Check outward facing normals with ray from infinity.
\layout Itemize

#3: Check first polygon, fix if necessary, and make all others same as first.
\layout Itemize

#4: Check edge list.
 Each edge shoud be shared by two polygons.
\the_end
