#LyX 1.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 221
\textclass article
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

Mesh Manipulation Ideas
\layout Date

18 April 2006
\layout Section

Goals
\layout Subsection

Version 1 - Achieve MCell compatibility by removing self-intersections and
 capping the ends
\layout Standard

Only fix mesh problems that generate MCell errors.
 This most likely means fixing self-intersecting meshes which will probably
 be done by hand.
 Also done by hand will be capping the two open ends of the meshes at the
 first and last contours.
 For this version of the model we will ignore overlapping meshes (as long
 as the intersection is not by a single mesh onto itself) and not try to
 adjust the intermembrane spacing in either a global or local sense.
\layout Subsection

Version 2 - Match specified extracellular volume fraction in a global sense
\layout Standard

Expand or shrink all meshes to achieve target global extracellular volume
 fraction (ECVF).
 Each mesh will be translated by the same distance.
 No regard will be given to overlapping meshes (as long as the intersection
 is not by a single mesh onto itself).
 The principle concern besides matching ECVF, will be avoiding self-intersection
s due to mesh inflation.
\layout Subsection

Version 3 - Match specified extracellular volume fraction and achieve uniform
 intermembrane spacing
\layout Standard

Expand or shrink all meshes to achieve target global extracellular volume
 fraction (ECVF).
 Furthermore, manipulate mesh regions in a local sense to achieve a uniform
 intermembrane spacing throughout the model.
 The principle concern besides matching ECVF and obtaining a uniform intermembra
ne spacing, will be avoiding self-intersections due to mesh manipulation.
\the_end
