#LyX 1.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 221
\textclass article
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

Steps in converting 50nm Serial section contours into a mesh
\layout Date

30 June 2006
\layout Section

Prep contours
\layout Enumerate

Ensure that sequential contours of an object overlap.
\layout Enumerate

Check for gaps in an object's contour series, i.e.
 a section in which the object contour was not traced.
\layout Enumerate

Identify sequential sections in which one process of an object ends and
 another begins with no section containing contours from both processes.
 Add a small capping contour for one of both of the processes onto one or
 more of the sections.
\layout Enumerate

Bound objects with capping sections containing cap points.
\layout Enumerate

Ensure that contours of the same object do not overlap on sequential sections
 if the processes are not to be merged.
 e.g.
 spines of a dendrite.
 If necessary, add contours on interstitial sections to increase the sampling
 rate, or name the processes different names, or move the existing contours
 to remove the overlap.
\layout Enumerate

Resample the points along the contour at a uniform spacing if deemed necessary.
\layout Section

Capping
\layout Enumerate

If end contours of object are nice, then simply include a section with no
 contour data before and after object contours and chandra's tiler will
 add a cap.
\layout Enumerate

If end contour is large and convoluted, then add a section after object
 contour data with capping points that approximately lie in a straight line.
 
\layout Section

Recipe for meshing contour data
\layout Enumerate

From /home/jkinney/recon/old execute 'php reconstruct2chandra.php'
\layout Enumerate

From /spin/cnl/mcell/justin/mesh_data/rex_chandra execute '/bin/csh mesh_and_con
vert.csh'
\layout Enumerate

From /home/jkinney/recon/old execute 'php create_merge_script.php'
\layout Enumerate

From /spin/cnl/mcell/justin/mesh_data/rex_chandra execute '/bin/csh merge_object
s.csh'
\the_end
